TODO:
  Todo:
  Priority:
  1. Add Back button to all menu levels.
  2. Random robot selection is broken again (this is caused by maps not covering spawn)
  3. Change spawn sounds. Should only trigger on first spawn, and when changing robot. Using Item preset command should not trigger it.
  4. Using Item loadout preset binds now counts as a death, resetting your paid robot to an unpaid robot.
  5. Add counter for Tank, Engineer and Sentry Buster
  

1. Need time passed resource added (opposite of time remaining)
 Type A- Resource for X amount of time passed, is available after X amount of time has passed
 Type B - Resource for Y amount of time passed in a loop. Becomes unavailable when picked, and only available once Y amount of time has passed again
Example A: Pan Cop becomes available after 180 seconds of gametime has passed, can be picked again
Example B: Gotham Protector becomes available after 60 seconds of gametime, but can't be picked until another 60 seconds has passed after his death or switching of robot.

Every 4 player is one robot, rounding to floor. (better scaling sometimes?)

Bugs:
Become Human Robot:
1. Volunteer and get selected as robot
2. Retry in console
3. Volunteer - You now become robot on human team.
4. Volunteer again, you now get moved to the correct team.

Become a HUuman Robot:
1. Use a paid robot
2. Have the menu open
3. Volunteer and select the robot

Paid Robot Bug:
- Paid menu sometimes doesn't close or white out the selected robot, allowing you to turn back to human

If you mash boss menu button you revert back to human

Sometimes a player who is a robot, but disconnects gets autobalanced to the other team

Somteimes, selecting a robot doesn't close the menu, and allows you to select the same robot again (happens with paid robots)


unify sounds
 OnMapStart precaches
extract robot_factory / robot_assembly
  unify 
   setting attributes etc.
storage:
 - turn target into targetlist in storage plugin? ... maybe? 
   needed in command too so it would be duplicate code
     unless command gets setup in main-plugin too?

codestyles
 .editorconfig
  tab vs spaces

